The Joe Rogan experience.
I mean,
this recent thing where those folks went to the capital when they were standing
up on his behalf, and then he throws them on the Dubai.
Yeah. I threw them all into the bus after it was over. Yeah, it's crazy.
I watched a video of it. I had not seen much video of it. Yeah.
I'd only seen like a couple of videos on Instagram. I was like, what the?
I didn't want to get depressed and watch it. But today I said,
let's get depressed. And I watched a bunch of it.
I had no idea how bad it was in terms of like the, the sheer number of people,
extorting,
the gates and screaming and these small handful of cops that were supposed to
protect it. And that one cop that got beaten,
it was like a video of them hitting the cop at flags and. It's like, what the?
Like what, how did that happen? How did it deteriorate to that?
I know, man. It's, um, it's really sad to me that,
that that kind of thing happened.
And then you have these cowards, Rudy Giuliani, uh,
Ted Cruz, uh, Josh Howley, all these cowards.
They are allowed to stand on their pulpit and
say these things like they're tough,
but they're nowhere around to support these folks in the first place.
And they're sending them into the battle and now they will, um,
uh, complete comfort.
The belief joined the ranks of their members of Congress while these other
people are gonna go to jail and have these, these charges, uh,
which should they should have, of course. But, um, uh,
these leaders who manipulated them, th there was no consequences to them.
I mean, I think that's the real crime.
Yeah. Well, we'll see if there's consequences. Cause I've,
I have a feeling that will be for Trump. I think this is going to be the end.
I really do, because I think there's a,
there's very little chance that he's going to run in 20, 24 after this.
Cause a lot of people were hoping for that.
A lot of his supporters were hoping for that, but after this, I don't,
I don't even think.
Yeah. I think the useful idiot is done. I mean,
I think like the people like Mitch McConnell and those people,
they don't have no more use for him. So he's done. I mean, he's already,
he's done enough for them. They're, they're happy with what he's done.
He's delivered with the Supreme court and so forth. His time is over.
It's interesting to see, you know,
we've always known that there's a certain faction of this country.
That's fairly simple. Not that sophisticated,
not very smart.
And they like thinking in like a real narrow box and these guy came
along and was their guy, you know? And then we realized like, oh,
like the of this country were unrepresented.
And now all of a sudden they got represented. Like there was a lot of people,
like a lot of those folks that storm the castle, that stormed Capitol hill.
Like if you see, like when they get arrested and you find out who they are,
like guy living with his mom, believe in Q Anon,
conspiracies thinks the FBI sending out pedophile codes, that kind of.
Like those guys didn't have a king before. What do you realize?
How many of them there are, but what about the gun?
Who was, I don't know, a Latina,
a retired Laturnus Lieutenant Colonel from the army or the air force. I mean,
so there are people there who also had education and they were plugged into
society. Right. There were a number of those.
People too, right. I'm sure there was a few.
Yeah. I mean, I, I think that, um, um,
I, you know, I,
I think most of us are simple people and that that's okay.
I think you should be able to be simple and have a decent life and,
um, uh, and enjoy yourself. I think that there is no crime there.
I think that's fine.
The real problem is that we allow our leaders to
lie and then you can manipulate even the most
sophisticated among us can be manipulated. And I think that's the real crime.
So it's like, not that these people were simple. It's okay. To be simple.
Um, maybe symbols is the wrong word. Maybe was the right word.
There's a lot of people that are. Honestly, there was never a guy who, who said,
it's okay to be an, but I'm an to.
I think, do you think that the majority of these people were?
I think they could be if they were led the right way.
But can't most of us be, I think.
At the worst moments of your life. Yeah. Yeah. I.
Think so. But, but, you know, I think that when you have,
I'm telling you, man, uh, I'm putting a square on those people in Washington.
Trump is one of them, of course,
but I'm talking about the Ted Cruz's and all of those people as well. I mean,
those people, uh, they should be, they should face, uh, uh,
the criminal justice system for what they did. Um,
because these folks who are out here, we all have the potential to be.
And then if you think that what you're doing is holding up the
Liberty that we,
we promise in this country that you are being a real Patriot and you really
believe that you've been manipulated to do that by these leaders,
they should pay the price. And that's the thing that's really,
I'm really disturbed by is like, yeah, we'll we, we, we should get Trump. Yup,
absolutely. But we should go out to those other.
People. What did Ted Cruz do that? Oh.
What the election, um.
Oh, we're saying that election fraud, election.
Fraud, when he knew that he knew what time it was, those guys,
um, they know they were being dishonest.
Well, I think as a political ploy, right.
There's politicians take stances based on where they think their
constituents lean and, you know,
stop the steel and all that was trending on all these social media sites.
And I feel like for a prominent politician, that's, uh,
a manipulative person that looks at these things and goes, yeah,
that's an angle that I can use. Yeah.
Absolutely. Right. Joe, that's exactly what politicians do.
And we should expect more of them. And until we do,
they're going to continue to do that when they know that is.
And so you're right. That's what politicians do. So.
So what do you, what do you think they were trying to do you think,
just posturing to try to get those people on their side for the future?
That's right.
I think that Ted Cruz and those folks were setting themselves up for a future
presidential run or what have you, and hoping that they get Trump,
the king maker to endorse them, even though Trump called his wife ugly,
I would have beat Trump's ads. I mean, I'm telling you, I mean,
it's like what kind of man allows.
That? I call them lion, Ted.
I mean,
what kind of man allows another guy to call his wife ugly and not do anything.
And also infer that he was a serial killer or something.
His dad is that Zodiac killer that's yeah.
His dad helped kill Kennedy Assam. He said, yeah. Uh,
w what kind of man does that, I mean, allows that, I mean,
I don't understand that.
Well, what kind of man wants to be a Senator? You know, it's,
it's a weird business and you get deeply entrenched in that business and there's
compromises that you make. And a lot of weirdness.
I understand, but you know, like what kind of person want to be president?
That's fine. I don't want to do that, but I'm glad there are people that,
that do it. And the thing is,
I think we should require them to be more honorable than we do.
We certainly should. And, and so like when,
when people are posturing politically,
when they know that there is no, that this is just a,
there's no opera,
there's no chance that this election can be overturned because there's no
fraud. I think they should pay a price. I think that is just too manipulative,
but, and I think their position requires that they be more honest,
uh, and until we do, until we require them, require them,
disab them, then I think that they will continue.
I think there's a, uh,
a style of behavior that lends itself to
success, like business success and financial success.
And it's like a speed style,
like people that are into amphetamines and people that are into like getting
ahead and pushing. And, and I think that there's a,
a style of behavior that leads itself to be compassionate,
thinking more about community.
And I think that is more like a marijuana style or a mushroom style.
You think something? Yeah.
I do catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free,
only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.